one of the biggest challenges I see
working with Brands around the world is
the The Divide between sales and
marketing we are very very different
right marketed they share the love the
salese I am the love at the same time AI
is driving a revolution in the ways
customers search for and select product
and services like we have never seen
before in our lifetime for hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of years nothing
happened this fast
except in our timeline what if you could
align your sales and marketing teams and
drive more
Revenue the solution to this challenge
is integrated sales and marketing
integrated sales and marketing is all
about creating a single efficient and
productive
[Applause]
team I speak at more than 30 events per
year where I share future Trends present
best practices and past lessons I make
complex marketing topics easy to
understand and Implement I promise you
look at my
face I promise you I'll make you
understand and you know exactly what to
do when you get back to
[Music]
[Applause]
work so what are some ways that we can
generate new lead Fe and revenue by
integrating sales and marketing one is
differentiate product from competition
the other one is map content for sales
engagement third is train sales
especially on products and tools and
then you integrate AI tools to
supercharge your team's productivity in
theory you can apply AI in almost
everything you
do I help salespeople and uors
understand the capability and limitation
of AI and show exactly when and how to
use it so when your management ask you
hey should we use AI to do that you need
to be able to say I test it or I tried
it let me tell you what works what
doesn't if you want to know about
marketing about AI past present and
future of AI you want to watch Pam
didner it's interactive it's
entertaining made me laugh a lot kept me
entertained it's not your
run-of-the-mill presentation manad I owe
you
chocolate so going back and forth back
and forth and back and forth they that
okay teams that work with me bridge the
gap between sales and marketing boost
collaboration and create more effective
sales and marketing alignment that
drives revenue and growth it's the
perception that you want to create that
you know what you are doing
even though you are
bullshitting it's time to enhance the
sales and marketing effort energize your
sales and marketing teams and watch your
growth accelerate good luck I'm rooting
for you